parliament does not support amendment freeing tymoshenko
today , the ukraine parliament dismissed , within the code of criminal procedure amendment , the motion to revoke an article based on which the opposition leader , yulia tymoshenko , was sentenced .
the amendment that would lead to freeing the imprisoned former prime minister was revoked during second reading of the proposal for mitigation of sentences for economic offences .
in october , tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for entering into what was reported to be a disadvantageous gas deal with russia .
the verdict is not yet final ; the court will hear tymoshenko 's appeal in december .
tymoshenko claims the verdict is a political revenge of the regime ; in the west , the trial has also evoked suspicion of being biased .
the proposal to remove article 365 from the code of criminal procedure , upon which the former prime minister was sentenced , was supported by 147 members of parliament .
its ratification would require 226 votes .
libya 's victory
the story of libya 's liberation , or rebellion , already has its defeated .
muammar kaddafi is buried at an unknown place in the desert . without him , the war is over .
it is time to define the winners .
as a rule , islamists win in the country ; the question is whether they are the moderate or the radical ones .
the transitional cabinet declared itself a follower of the customary sharia law , of which we have already heard .
libya will become a crime free country , as the punishment for stealing is having one 's hand amputated .
women can forget about emancipation ; potential religious renegades will be executed ; etc. .
instead of a dictator , a society consisting of competing tribes will be united by koran .
libya will be in an order we can not imagine and surely would not ask for .
however , our lifestyle is neither unique nor the best one and would not , most probably , be suitable for , for example , the people of libya .
in fact , it is a wonder that the islamic fighters accepted help from the nonbelievers .
their only excuse is that from their point of view , nato raids were not controlled by an american general , but allah , the greatness of whom they celebrated with each strike .
when winners are sought for in libya , the west is not on the list .
we participated in a shooting , served islam , and our politicians got rid of a dictator , their political ally , without any guarantee of profit .
given the recent bad experience from afghanistan and iraq , we decided against military occupation of libya .
the locals thus do not have to worry about expelling of the " crusaders . "
without the occupation , will the oil companies get libya 's black gold for next to nothing , though ?
it is quite likely that they will not . the west will then finally be able to boast about its selfless protection of human rights .
unless the followers of the sharia law put a stop to that .
new era of crisis commences
france and the rest of europe are now in the investors " spotlight .
a statistical storm blew over europe on tuesday .
individual countries released their 3q gdp data .
between quarters , the czech economy stagnated ; germany and france are growing .
yet the debit market is breaking records today .
investors are no longer looking at only italy ; they now focus on spain , france , austria , and others .
eurozone statistical offices in germany , czech republic , and some other countries , released their preliminary estimates of economic development in the third quarter .
germany 's gdp has grown by the expected 0.5 % ; and france 's by 0.4 % .
both countries also adjusted their second quarter data , where germany did better than expected ( a 0.3 % increase instead of the original 0.1 % ) . france reported a slight decrease , by 0.1 % ( the original information suggested stagnation ) .
in this year 's third quarter , the czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % .
between the quarters though , the gdp stagnated . according to the czech statistical office , this confirmed the trend of a gradual slowing of economic growth .
the results are worse than estimates by analysts .
key events :
in this year 's third quarter , czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % ; however , it stagnated between the quarters .
based on preliminary and seasonal data , in the third quarter , the german economy grew by 0.5 % .
between july and september , the economy of both the eurozone and the european union grew , compared to the previous quarter , by 0.2 % , which corresponds with estimates by analysts .
the greek economy showed an interim decrease of 5.2 % .
the earnings on its 10-year bonds are 28.45 % .
earnings of both italian and spanish bonds are growing towards critical limits .
even austria , netherlands , france , and belgium , etc. are beginning to experience problems .
despite the fact that the situation in the region is getting worse , earnings of czech 1 - year bonds stay under 4 % .
voices are coming from germany , suggesting that ecb be the last resort creditor .
czechs qualified for euro .
in montenegro they won 1:0 and celebrate a 200 million windfall .
football representation successfully managed the toughest task of the season !
thanks to both the great čech and beautiful goal of petr jiráček , they won 1:0 .
in the second half , czech football was lucky to maintain its luxury lead from the home return match , and will again feature at the european championship .
ihned . cz watched the progress match in a detailed report .
nearly no excitement in the first half , and a great portion of luck in the other .
czech representation team , partially due to the home team 's failure in the close ; the great čech ; and heroic jiráček ; won 1:0 in montenegro , and celebrates moving on to the european championship .
perfect czech team defence only allowed the montenegro team to threaten in the second half .
damjanovic and vucinic became the match 's least lucky couple after losing two great opportunities .
the wonderful petr čech is one of the reasons the czech representation team will not miss the next year 's european championship . and czech football will thus gain nearly 200 million czech crowns .
from the opening minutes , the game was very pugnacious .
both teams found it difficult to join in the combination ; the game remained around the mid-field line most of the time .
that was also why there was no pressure from the home team in the first half . long kicks behind the defence were neatly averted by the czech defence .
iranian students are prepared to die for their country 's nuclear program
they created a live shield .
several hundred university students created a live chain around the nuclear power plant in iran .
the gesture is to express their support of their country 's nuclear program against a possible israel attack .
at tuesday noon , students ' prayers in front of the building were followed by their chanting of death to both the usa and israel .
in isfahan , iran , several hundred university students created a live chain around isfahan uranium conversion facility .
this way , they express their readiness to protect their country 's nuclear program with their own lives .
in its recent report , the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) stated that everything leads to the conclusion that iran has not stopped striving for a nuclear weapon .
possible attack on iran nuclear facilities has been discussed in israel .
at tuesday noon , students ' prayers in front of the entrance into isfahan uranium conversion facility were followed by their chanting of death to both the usa and israel .
in case of an attack , aimed at the highest possible paralysation of the iranian nuclear program , the targets would be , based on israel press , the facilities in both isfahan and natanz , where the uranium is being enriched .
an obese child 's diet : no breakfast and sausage for dinner
over a third of children between 9 and 13 are overweight ; while 9 % of schoolchildren are overweight , 5 % are obese .
as a recent research shows , obese children usually come from families with unhealthy lifestyle .
again , we can see the importance of the environment and models surrounding a human being for his or her healthy development .
for example , sausages occur up to half more frequently on the tables of obese children compared to the families of children with standard weight .
over 19 % of obese children had fried chips for dinner the day before the research connected to the educational event called obesity is no accident .
moreover , the families of obese children do not practise sports . however , this concerns a majority of families of current schoolchildren - only 15 % of the children said their parents find time for sports activities at least once a week .
the research was performed among 900 children .
the research took place at the end of last year 's school year ; it included almost 900 elementary school children from throughout bohemia .
it was the second year of the obesity is no accident event supported by both všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna insurance company and unilever .
so far , the project has been joined by over 12 thousand school children from 4th to 8th grades .
proper diet and sufficient sports activities represent key defining factors causing dramatically growing number of children who are either overweight or obese .
" for example , only half of those inquired said they have five meals a day , in the breakfast-snack-lunch-snack-dinner pattern , one of the basic preconditions of correct diet , " one of the results of the research says .
no lunch and sausage in the evening
experts warn that even relative details are crucial for healthy development ; such as a regular time of family breakfast .
in the czech republic , only 23 % of schoolchildren 's families have breakfast together .
in a majority of families , everyone has breakfast separately .
the worst discovery was the fact that in one tenth of households people do not have breakfast at all .
yet breakfast is the core of proper daily diet .
a survey has shown that fries are consumed more often in the families of obese children .
nearly everyone - regardless of their weight - drinks sweet soft drinks every day ( 70 % ) .
though over 40 % of children do sports regularly , the number drops down to less than a half - 15 % - when it comes to their parents .
compose your own menu
another part of the survey allowed selected children ( 204 boys and 172 girls from 13 schools ) to compose their own menu based on selection offered and their taste and opinions .
" diet preferences of czech children between 12 and 15 are far from ideal as regards healthy diet . "
their favourite meals include large number of flour , meat , and sweet dishes .
" especially alarming is the high popularity of sweet soft drinks , " the final report of the survey concludes .
as the main dish for lunch , pasta won very tightly over poultry .
however , children showed very little interest in legumes , fish , and vegetable lunches .
tendency towards health
the survey also showed that children are willing to adjust their eating habits provided they are given correct information .
" many participants from the survey control group showed a significant shift of preferences towards healthy food when completing a questionnaire after the end of the obesity is no accident educational lecture , " project results show .
this was quite significant , for example , in case of sweet soft drinks , where more children would begin to prefer plain water .
in addition , for their main course , children ticked poultry and fish more often , limiting sweet meals and dumplings .
a stylist must also be a good psychologist , professionals claim
in the opening article on stylist training , i was complaining a bit about the amount of information in the introductory lessons .
i had no idea what was coming .
lectures by three experts from the field ; dressing tips for difficult figures ; and a seminar on how it works in practise .
and more is yet to come .
the closer we get to the final exam , the more information and practical tasks await .
the training takes place every saturday and sunday , but it is really packed with information .
this time , together with alenka , the director , ( there is not a single man in the course ) we discussed how to dress a woman whose body is not in perfect symmetry .
a majority of women are not perfectly symmetrical .
one has a short neck , the other has a boyish figure without proper curves , yet another is overweight .
a stylist must know how to optically soften wide shoulders , make the neck look longer , or add the curves necessary .
we were given tips on how to accentuate the figure of women such as jennifer lopez , i.e. with bigger breasts and hips and narrow waist , and not to dress them too provocatively .
for example , if the difference between the waist and hips is such that the skirt or trousers do not fit , it is worth to have at least one piece custom-made .
you will definitely not regret the investment , as perfectly fitting clothes are priceless .
in a custom-made skirt , you will feel much better than in one that keeps shifting , rolling up , sticking out in your waist , etc. .
boyish figures , on the other hand , can wear clothes with ruffling , appliqué , embroidery , or shirring .
given the abundance of such information and figure types , i am glad to have a whole week to sort it all out in my head .
still , i fear it is too much , with regard to the homework we were given .
each of the course participants was given a celebrity to create two outfits for : day and night .
we must consider their current appearance , their fashion style , and figure type .
i am to dress miranda kerr whom you may know from the victoria 's secret campaigns .
inside i rejoice , as she is so much easier to dress than , say , britney spears , christina aguilera , who has recently gained about a ton ( please , understand i am exaggerating ) , or the very young selena gomez .
we must cut the clothes out of magazines or find them on the internet and print and graphically process them .
moodboard , as the result is called , then expresses our personal style and attitude to graphic depiction .
it is important to think about the graphic part of styling .
a stylist does not just dress physical people , but creates product pages in magazines ( based on specific instructions , for example , trendy purses , coats , etc. ) .
this is what a stylist and designer , mario kameník , was telling us about .
but that was not until sunday .
a stylist needs general knowledge
saturday 's lecture , filled with information on figure types , was livened up by three guests from the field .
a stylist , honza pokorný ; a fashion designer , jakub polanka ; and a fashion photographer , ben renč .
jakub reminded us that fashion is an illusion , and a stylist should be able to use this fact .
a good stylist can work with a single piece of clothing in different ways .
in this case , variability is key .
for example , a trench coat may be worn in the standard way , over jeans and t-shirt , as a coat ; but it may also be worn on naked body , with step-ins , as a dress .
another option is rolling up the sleeves or collar , and the entire look changes completely .
" play with it , " he emphasised .
however , i appreciated the following advice the most : " for your work , you need to know the rules perfectly . "
' then you can start breaking them , ' jakub told us .
here i finally understood why we drill all the definitions and rules of what to combine with what and why , while in fashion magazines we often see something else .
not to mention fashion shows .
from ben , the photographer , i learned that a stylist must have more outfit versions prepared than the number he is to take pictures of .
so , for a ten-page fashion story ( equals ten outfits ) , i have to be ready to create at least fifteen of them .
now i also know that in the picture , a piece of clothing often looks and functions in combination with others completely different from reality .
we must therefore take that into consideration when creating an outfit .
honza pokorný confirmed that image and style often are half the success .
just look at madonna , who is no miraculous singer , yet her image and marketing turned her into a worldwide star .
the attitude towards stylist services is still rather cold in the czech republic .
even famous people often consider it redundant ( believing it is sufficient to be good at something , and how they look at it comes second ) .
and if someone finally lets us create their styling , then we should expect them to give us different ( smaller ) size than what they really wear .
then , we are left to google and find out if the tabloids wrote something about a celebrity gaining/losing weight , etc. .
on sunday , both honza and mario were stressing the fact that for a stylist it is not enough to know about fashion and be able to create an outfit .
our work chiefly consists of communicating with people we dress ; it is therefore important to be a good psychologist .
to be able to estimate people , not to pander , and stick to one 's opinion .
" if a manager asks you to go through her clothes and add some nice pieces , you can not throw out her entire wardrobe telling her how awful the clothes are . "
" find at least a few pieces you can praise , and recommend what to wear them with " mario says .
he also showed us what specifically a duty bag must contain .
that is the bag you fasten around your waist to carry all the props you need .
aside from the obvious things , such as scissors , a sticky roller , or safety pins , it should have a nylon thread ( for the stylist to use when taking pictures of products such as purses or hats ) , special clip-ons for holding the clothes in the back in case it is too large ( pins and similar things are forbidden as they damage the clothes ) , or a sewing set .
to have some change from listening , and gain some practical experience , we learned how to properly underlay shoe soles .
even when taking photographs in a studio where the surface is even , the soles might get damaged - not to mention shooting outside .
and so we were sticking away .
you must not touch the shoes with the scissors , to avoid any damage .
this requires real skill .
mario pleased me by praising my job .
the skills mentioned are really not my cup of tea .
this is just a fragment of what we heard during the second weekend course session .
i am beginning to realise that to be a professional stylist is no piece of cake , no matter what people say .
v need for speed : the run takes place across america .
review
an originally carefree ride turned into a routine morning drive to work because of a series of completely superfluous and sloppy mistakes .
the ambitions were met to a certain point , but it does not matter since nobody obviously wanted to do any extra work .
before it was released , the new version subtitled the run created high expectations .
it promised to shift the old need for speed racing series in a new direction ; the demos made it look like a game that might stand up in the action racing genre .
we were curious to see the sections where the main character gets out of the car and runs .
typical for the nfs series though , in the end many things are different from what we expected .
the game represents a possibly decent arcade race , but the whole is burdened by several unnecessary mistakes featured in the series for a number of years .
this means they are not really mistakes , but the expression of an incomprehensible laziness of the developers .
the adventure opens very well .
you are introduced into a story , where the main character , jack , decides to solve some personal issues by participating in an illegal race across america .
you get in the car on the west coast , in san francisco , and your task is to be the first one to reach new york .
the idea brings several interesting features .
the route is divided into ten stages , subdivided into over fifty races .
this means each race takes place on a different route , and given stages are set in varied and interesting environments .
one thus does not feel the game keeps offering the same things .
despite the graphics being on the same level of previous parts of the series , some of the environments are very nice to look at .
still , it is nothing world-shattering .
driving through the desert , autumnal countryside , or high in snow-covered mountains is visually very pleasant though .
in addition , the races are , from time to time , enlivened by an untypical feature .
for example , in the desert , you get into a sandstorm , significantly decreasing the visibility .
